Updated main README and supported_examples with MMQA details (#13)
mhbuehler/GenAIExamples: supported_examples.md

### MultimodalQnA

> [MultimodalQnA](./MultimodalQnA/README.md) addresses your questions by dynamically fetching the most pertinent multimodal information (frames, transcripts, and/or captions) from your collection of videos or images. MultimodalQnA utilizes BridgeTower model, a multimodal encoding transformer model which merges visual and textual data into a unified semantic space. During the video ingestion phase, the BridgeTower model embeds both visual cues and auditory facts as texts, and those embeddings are then stored in a vector database. When it comes to answering a question, the MultimodalQnA will fetch its most relevant multimodal content from the vector store and feed it into a downstream Large Vision-Language Model (LVM) as input context to generate a response for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MultimodalQnA](./MultimodalQnA/README.md) addresses your questions by dynamically fetching the most pertinent multimodal information (frames, transcripts, and/or captions) from your collection of videos, images, or audio files. MultimodalQnA utilizes BridgeTower model, a multimodal encoding transformer model which merges visual and textual data into a unified semantic space. During the ingestion phase, the BridgeTower model embeds both visual cues and auditory facts as texts, and those embeddings are then stored in a vector database. When it comes to answering a question, the MultimodalQnA will fetch its most relevant multimodal content from the vector store and feed it into a downstream Large Vision-Language Model (LVM) as input context to generate a response for the user.
```

| Service   | Model                                                                               | HW   | Description              |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- | ------------------------ |

> | Embedding | [BridgeTower/bridgetower-large-itm-mlm-itc](https://huggingface.co/BridgeTower/bridgetower-large-itm-mlm-itc) | Xeon/Gaudi | Video embeddings service |

Reviewer: Maybe "Video embedding service" ➡️  "Multimodal embedding service"?

| Embedding | [BridgeTower/bridgetower-large-itm-mlm-gaudi](https://huggingface.co/BridgeTower/bridgetower-large-itm-mlm-gaudi) | Gaudi | Video embeddings service |

> | LVM       | [llava-hf/llava-1.5-7b-hf](https://huggingface.co/llava-hf/llava-1.5-7b-hf)        | Xeon/Gaudi | LVM service              |

Reviewer: Gaudi doesn't support llava 1.5 because it's using TGI-gaudi, which only supports 1.6

| LVM       | [llava-hf/llava-1.5-13b-hf](https://huggingface.co/llava-hf/llava-1.5-13b-hf)        | Xeon/Gaudi | LVM service              |

> | LVM       | [llava-hf/llava-v1.6-vicuna-13b-hf](https://huggingface.co/llava-hf/llava-v1.6-vicuna-13b-hf)        | Xeon/Gaudi | LVM service              |

Reviewer: I haven't successfully been able to run 1.6 vicuna on Xeon, but this is the default model used for Gaudi
